DEFAULT RULES FOR THE FORUM


    You will not upload, post, discuss, request, or link to anything that violates local or United States law.
    
    You will immediately cease and not continue to access the site if you are under the age of 18.
    
    You will not post any of the following outside of /b/: Troll posts Racism Anthropomorphic ("furry") pornography Grotesque ("guro") images Loli/shota pornography Dubs or GET posts, including 'Roll for X' images
    
    You will not post or request personal information ("dox") or calls to invasion ("raids"). Inciting or participating in cross-board (inside web) raids is also not permitted.
    
    All boards on this site are to be considered "work safe". Violators may be temporarily banned and their posts removed. Note: Spoilered pornography or other "not safe for work" content is NOT allowed
    
    The quality of posts is extremely important to this community. Contributors are encouraged to provide high-quality images and informative comments. Please refrain from posting the following: Irrelevant catchphrases or copypasta Example: "What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch?..." Indecipherable text Example: "lol u tk him 2da bar|?" Irrelevant ASCII macros Ironic shitposting Example: "upboads for le funy maymay trollololololoxdxdxdxd~~!" Gibberish text Example: "l;kjdsfioasoiupwajnasdfa
    
    Submitting false or misclassified reports, or otherwise abusing the reporting system may result in a ban. Replying to a thread stating that you've reported or "saged" it, or another post, is also not allowed.
    
    Complaining about this site (its policies, moderation, etc) on the imageboards may result in post deletion and a ban.
    
    Evading your ban will result in a permanent one. Instead, wait and appeal it!
    
    No spamming or flooding of any kind. No intentionally evading spam or post filters.
    
    Advertising (all forms) is not welcome—this includes any type of referral linking, "offers", soliciting, begging, stream threads, etc.
    
    Impersonating a site administrator, moderator, or janitor is strictly forbidden.
    
    Do not use avatars or attach signatures to your posts.
    
    The use of scrapers, bots, or other automated posting or downloading scripts is prohibited. Users may also not post from proxies, VPNs, or Tor exit nodes.
    
    All request threads for adult content belong on NSFW, and all request threads for work-safe content belong on REQUESTS, unless otherwise noted.
    
    Do not upload images containing additional data such as embedded sounds, documents, archives, etc.

